and as the other day boom water Tony
wrote remember we're chicken but all pay
open and she got it Kotaro huh giggling
regular Martha so little money that's
right Carolyn there's any something and
it'll build up a thing so they uh-huh
okay
mmm I know that if I can to me if I'm on
the wrong with you though oh you don't
huh put them under back to you in them
I do it until come on Sonia little boot
anything I hope I got your name
define opportunity yeah when I put it
into my head up until game time in seven
eight minutes okay I think okay well I'm
in yeah let me go pick up a camera I'm
difficult
look at mine is it girl did I end up
with inaudible everything you don't like
it the best
huh sorry hey guys already run to do it
again cancer okay later your man my man
okay okay okay
moving but unattainable ink okay
what did i do any man translate for they
get it on the next game target
I'm gonna go
you're ready I'm Anna and so bad I'm
ready okay sergeant
you're gonna go something other than say
that what the game anything yeah
cigarette
I didn't present it me anyway
what's your name back to what there's
nothing you can't run from me
okay huh okay okay
click there but yeah I mean your mom is
it pretty I'm gonna link it already
panel tonight okay baloney it was gonna
be
Anna Lorena and what I really know me
yeah Ghazi sorry
rumors of key three on San Mateo Jaquez
to me that she oh my sweet aha
you